240 official support 1 degree systems (#250)
mercator-ocean/oceanbench: README.md

    Conventions:  CF-1.4
```

## Open official challenger datasets

OceanBench exposes the official challengers through `oceanbench.datasets.challenger`.

> This includes the maintained 2024 challengers `glo12`, `glonet`, `wenhai` and `xihe`, as well as their 1 degree base challengers `glo12_1_degree`, `glonet_1_degree`, `wenhai_1_degree` and `xihe_1_degree` for the 1 degree track.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This includes the maintained 2024 challengers `glo12`, `glonet`, `wenhai` and `xihe`, as well as their 1 degree interpolated variants `glo12_1_degree`, `glonet_1_degree`, `wenhai_1_degree` and `xihe_1_degree` for the 1 degree track.
```

    Conventions:  CF-1.4
```

For training on the 1 degree track, the historical 1 degree GLORYS dataset is also available in the EDITO bucket at:

```text

> https://minio.dive.edito.eu/project-oceanbench/public/glorys_1degree_1993_2019

Reviewer 2: No direct link to bucket, it won't work, we will have issue opened. Can't you add a function in the datasets module somewhere?

Author: I removed this and made it in a proper way with a function in the dataset module

```

## Open official challenger datasets

> OceanBench exposes the official challengers through `oceanbench.datasets.challenger`.

Reviewer 2: Also point to the documentation generated with the docstring if need be

Author: I did this

    Conventions:  CF-1.4
```

> For training on the 1 degree track, OceanBench also exposes the historical 1 degree GLORYS dataset:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For training on the 1 degree track, OceanBench also exposes the 1 degree GLORYS reanalysis dataset:
```

Reviewer 2: Point to the documentation as well.
